Add expression example (#5756)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/expression.rst

         WHEN "pop_density" >= 150 THEN 'High population density'
    END

> * Update a region layer field with comma separated name of the overlapping airports::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update a region layer field with the names (comma separated) of contained airports::
```

Author: if you want

>     aggregate('polygonlayername', 'concatenate', "fieldtoextract", contains($geometry, geometry(@parent)))

Reviewer: I can't make this work.
In which context does it work?
